Prince Cai
I don't want to fight you unless I have to
I saw where the momentum of Hu Jiahu went just now
I didn't expect it.
Since I sent the ninja god to surround me
Let's not be afraid
They won't do anything to us
scumbag
When you attacked Ninja Voice
You should be prepared for revenge
What if I am Long Shuai himself?
Liao Fan, this doesn't work
I told them just now that I am Mrs. Long Shuai
They didn't believe it.
Hahaha, I'm so nervous that I'm incoherent.
Liao Fan
Ninjas don't get two in the same place
Second humph
I'm not kidding.
Hahahahaha your trick
The little girl next to you went to the hotel to open a room
It's a heartache
Want to fool us
Even if your gold medal is real
Can't prove your identity
You two must leave the head today
Miss Guaizi
If you are a moral person
I can give you everything
Something to prove my identity
Everything except your face is the same as Long Qian
What else?
Next stop